1) What is the extension of a Java source file?
-->The extension of a Java source file is .java. This file contains human-readable code that is compiled into a bytecode file, 
    which has a .class extension

2) What is the extension of the compiled bytecode file?
-->The extension of the compiled bytecode file in Java is .class.

3) Which command is used to compile Java code?
-->The command used to compile Java code is javac. 

4) Which command is used to run a Java program?
--> Run the program: Execute the resulting .class file by typing java followed by the class name (e.g., java MyProgram).
    Compile the code: Before running, you must compile the .java source file into bytecode using the javac command (e.g., javac MyProgram.java).

5) Why do we not use .class when running the program?
-->In Java, you do not use the .class extension when running a program with the java command because the Java Virtual Machine (JVM)
    expects the fully qualified class name, not the file name. The command java looks for a compiled bytecode class, so using java 
    MyApp tells it to find the main method in MyApp.class, whereas java MyApp.class causes the JVM to look for a class named class 
    within a package named MyApp.

6) What is the entry point of a Java program?
-->The entry point of a Java program is the main() method. 

7) What happens if the file name and class name differ?
-->If the main class is public, the compiler throws an error ("class X is public, should be declared in a file named X.java"). If the class is 
    not public, the code compiles, creating a .class file named after the class, not the file. However, you must run the program using the class
    name, not the file name.


8) What is bytecode?
-->Bytecode is an intermediate, platform-independent code generated by a compiler from high-level source code.

9) Can we have multiple classes in one Java file?
-->Yes, you can have multiple classes in a single Java file, but you must follow specific rules regarding their access levels and naming. 
    Single Public Class: Only one class in the file can be declared as public.
    File Naming: If the file contains a public class, the name of the Java file must exactly match the name of that public class 
    (e.g., Main.java for public class Main).

10) What happens when we omit public keyword in class?
-->When you omit the public keyword in a class definition, the class is assigned a default access level, which varies depending on the programming language: 
    In Java
    Package-Private Access: The class becomes "package-private". This means it is only accessible to other classes within the same package.

    Visibility Restricted: Classes in other packages cannot import or use this class, even if they are in a sub-package.

    File Naming: Unlike public classes, which must match the filename (e.g., public class Main must be in Main.java), a non-public
                  class does not have this strict requirement, allowing multiple non-public classes in one file.






Coding Questions
1) Write a program to print "Hello, Java Developer!"
2) Write a program to add two numbers
3) Write a program to find the largest of two numbers
4) Write a program to check even or odd number
5) Write a program to print sum of first 10 natural numbers
6) Write a program to swap two numbers
7) Write a program to swap two numbers without using third variable
8) Write a program to print ASCII value of a character
-->  import java.util.Scanner;

public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        // Create a Scanner object to read input
        Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);
        
        System.out.print("Enter a Character: ");
        // Read the first character from the user's input
        char c = sc.next().charAt(0);
        
        // Method 1: Automatic conversion by assigning char to int
        int asciiValue = c;
        
        // Method 2: Explicit type casting
        int castAscii = (int) c;
        
        System.out.println("The ASCII value of '" + c + "' is: " + asciiValue);
    }
}

9) Write a program to check if number is positive or negative
10) Write a program to print multiplication table
