Css is 3 types: inline internal external 



colour = to get the best colors combination use "coolers"
  for live example use "realtime colors" wesite

  colors decide the brand and user interface web page, It is recommended to use colours according according to the brand and target audience.
  colors can be mentioned in css in various ways.They are 
  i. hexCode -- Every color will have an hexa decimal code of 6 digits followed by #
  ii. we can also give colours using RGB(Red, Green, Blue) -- any colour can be represented as a combination of colors red, green and blue 
      from 0 to 255 values. Ex..   h1 {
                                         color: rgb(255,255,0);
                                      }
      we cn assign alpha  0.0 to 1.0 showing traperancy form lightness to darkness 
  iii. neme: VSCode provide multiple colors with name 


Fonts : Every font family in the world belong to these any one of these 5 types
        serif: these fount has stroke at corners example times new Roman.
        sans-serif:these founts dont have strokes and these are used in most of the websites Ex: arial, calibri.
        mono-space:these fonts have equal height if letters like a typewriter.
        cursive: These fonts are styled  and curved.
        fantasy-fount: These fonts are used for spectal effects.

How to get founts in websites :
          font-family : it is used to apply fonts to specific element.



       font-size : it is used to change the size of the font.
       font-weight : it is used to change the thickness of the font(100-900/bpld/bolder)
       font-style : it is used to change the style of the font(normal/italic)

         To have the different fount which is not defalult in our vscode then go to ' google founts' we have more than 1000 fonts in it.
        now to use it in css we have to write the 
          -> @import url("google font link ") 
          we can even import  fonts from google using below procedure :
            search "google fonts"---> select a font ----> click 'get font' ---> click 'get embed code' ---> select 'import' and
              copy the code to css

Units: Units are used to measuere the size of elements. Most used units are px(percentage) -- it is used x% of parents size

         vh/vw ----- it is the x$ of viewport(screen) height or viewport width "vh->viewport height" and "vw-> viewport width"
         Ex: if 50vh then that means exact screen 50% 

Background: we can assign a background color or "background-image" to webpage using the following properties .Ex:(background-image: url(''))
       
        ⭐⭐⭐
        background-image: url('')    
        background-repeate: no-repeate;
        background-postion: cover;
        background-size: cover;
        background-attachement : auto/scroll/fixed;(it is very important because if we put 'fixed ' the background image 
                                                    will be fixed ifen the the content is motre like wordpress)
        linear-gradients:(orange, yellow); Ex:(background-image:linear-gradients:(orange, yellow));
                                              background-image:linear-gradients:(to top/bottom/left/right orange, yellow);
                                              background-image:linear-gradients:(to top/bottom/left/right rgb(red,orange, yellow));
                                              background-image:linear-gradients:(45deg rgb(red,orange, yellow));
                                              h1{
                                                color:linear-gradients:(45deg rgb(red,orange, yellow));
                                              }
                                              background-image:radial-gradients:(45deg rgb(black,white));(the colors will be in rounds
                                                                        like outer circle will be black and inner circle will be black)

